Movie Script:
ama2on.org
Outline:
Build up problem: Vast tracts of people without the necessary supplies for living in the modern age
Outline the preexisting infrastructure
Amazon has already proved invaluable to the impoverished college age millennial in our culture
Why not apply it elsewhere in the world
	Dramatic irony
	Naif narrator
Discuss the product range they’re bringing to the amazon rainforest, see below.
That’s not all,
bringing computers to the amazon
	Not laptops, but desktops
	Go through all the specs
	Good for local commerce 
Airdropping through rainforest
	Using same technology as mars descent
	Proud of all the engineering that went into it
Drone technology
	Go into lurid detail about the technical challenges of actually getting drones through there
	Supposed footage of test track
	Data driven
Go through and mock other philanthropic groups for throwing money at problems
We’re using the power of capitalism to make the world a better place
End with amazon logo

Full script:
Hi, hello. 
I’ve been looking forward to this moment since the moment we started this project, three weeks ago. 
This planet has a problem. 
There is poverty everywhere. Half the world has never seen a computer, let alone browsed the web. 
What’s the first thing that come to mind when you think of underdeveloped countries? African nations and india, both of which are easily accessible. Planes can fly to and from the countries. They may not have adequate drinking water; they may not have indoor plumbing; other charities are taking care of those countries. At amazon, we pride ourselves on our undefatigable creativity.
We’ve thought long and hard about it, and I’m here today to announce what the new charity we’re staring is all about.
At amazon, we have a set of technologies (and brand name) that make us uniquely qualified to serve a certain community. 
Today we are extraordinarily excited to announce our plans to bring free Amazon Prime service to the most remote corners of the Amazon Rainforest.
/*“The amazon rainforest: the newark, new jersey of the 3rd world” (this is the subtitle of 
ama2on.org)*/

Our service is completely invaluable to countless people already, We offer 6 months of free Prime to college students everywhere, the single most technologically literate group on earth. Now we're going to take it to those who don't even know what the internet is.
 
We're bringing a whole host of new products to Amazon.com that cater to these people
[TODO: come up with products]

When amazon was coming up with this program, we immediately recognized that the biggest roadblock was the lack of computers in the amazon rainforest.

They can't order off amazon without a computer, you know?

That's why we've decided to start airdropping computers into the remotest parts of the rainforest. Not laptop computers, either. We're giving them top-of-the-line desktop computers.

Dell Inspiron 3847 tower computers. 16GB of RAM, 2TB hard drive, with integrated graphics, A $712 value on amazon!

Monitor not included, but they can be purchased at a later date with rainforest aprime at a 30% discount.

This incredible upgrade to their technological infrastructure not only gives them access to Rainforest Prime, it also boosts local mom-and-pop commerce.

Getting these supplies to the amazon isn't going to be easy. We're engineers, so we set straight to work devising a foolproof way to do it.

NASA had already done our work for us a decade ago. When they set out in 1997 to land the pathfinder rover on the surface of mars, they faced a challenge almost as difficult as ours. Their engineers devised a 7 layered system of balloons to safely convey the landing capsule through the thin atmosphere, landing and bouncing along the martian surface at near-highway speeds.
The balloons are made of a puncture resistant material known as "vectran"
We're bringing the same system to the amazon
ASA designed the system to deflate automatically after landing safely. In our application this will give the natives easier access to the computer we've sealed securely inside. 

On top of that, we had to work on how to get the orders to the natives. There's nearly no infrastructure at all, and they don't exactly have UPS. Here's another place where no one can serve these people better than amazon.
We've already been developing drones for use in cities, to bring you paper towels and diapers 5 minutes after you run out. After spending years developing autonomous navigation, the challenge that getting around in the rainforest posed was exciting.
We've added the most sophisticated and up-to-date machine learning algorithms the world has to offer into our drone software. [asterisk at the bottom: literally worst machine learning mistake by DOD).
	Take a look:
	So we started with a convolutional approach to a pseudo-neuronal paradigm. It's like the work Holtz et. al. has been doing in autonomous vehicles. With a proper training set of visual data and human pilot responses, we were getting a fairly good simulated drone survival percentage. Test error was awful though, so we had to fall back to a deeper network which didn't..... [trails off]

Anyways.
We're all tremendously excited to get started on this. 
Gone are the days when foundations threw huge sums of money at impoverished nations without really considering the nuances of the struggles they face.
We've entered a new era where engineers are king. We make our living by being thorough. We're at the forefront of a new wave of philanthropy. Along with internet.org, we're making the world better one innovation at a time.
[rainforestprime logo]

We've had to revamp our address system to support delivering to arbitrary GPS locations. This made it significantly easier to determine who is eligible for rainforest prime.
We're automatically detecting who has prime and who doesn't based on the GPS coordinates of the delivery. 

